hello everyone and welcome to today's
video it's going to be about how to
create a full sales system from scratch
because a lot of people will look at
some kind of sales system or they're
going to read a sales book or something
like that and they think that you know I
don't really need something like this
and that might be true for them when
you're doing you know I don't know if
there's a dollar amount but let's say
you're doing under 100K or under 200k
per month and you're the and you do all
the sales and you know your stuff inside
out you've been in the business for
however long you probably don't need
something and I don't think that's a
good attitude to have but it's an
attitude I've had in the past and it's
an attitude that a lot of people still
have and I hope that makes you feel good
you know you're the man you're the best
salesman ever congratulations but if you
ever want to grow your business to any
serious level of Revenue you're going to
need sales people you're going to need
sales reps you're going to need
appointment headers and not you they
have not been in the business for 10
years they don't know it inside and out
they don't have the inherent Authority
and reputation that you do as the
founder and what works for your sales
reps will always work for you but what
works for you is not necessarily going
to work for your sales reps it's kind of
like the another version what works for
ads will work for Content but what works
for Content might not always work for
ads in terms of your funnel it's kind of
like that so because they don't
typically have a lifetime of experience
and you know that inherent level of
Competency they're going to need a
process that they can be plugged into
and see good results relatively fast or
they're going to leave your company or
blow all of your calls and you're just
going to lose a lot of potential
Revenue so what I'm saying is before we
think that we're some sort of sales God
we need to look at it through the point
of view that I'm describing and do
exactly what I'm saying in this process
says I'm going to draw it all out on the
iPad and I think the number one thing
that you read in all the sales books
you've seen all the sales videos or That
You Don't See rather is instead of the
techniques instead of trying to get
better at sales make your sales process
so it's easier to sell and it's a key
distinction so when you do this right
you're not going to need too much
hardcore sales training with all that
tonality and you know ask this at this
time and make this at this time you're
just going to have the system and it's
going to make it much easier for the
average sales rep to succeed than other
jobs they had in the past and what I
really want to get through your mind
here is we want a let me turn on my pen
here we want a process oh my God want a
process we do not want a system or a
script rather so script no process yes
and it's a very very important
distinction
here so before we get into the actual
stuff here I want to talk about one of
my favorite
salese um that I've ever come across and
I bought their course they're named bow
tide sales guy on Twitter so if you have
Twitter or X whatever you call it maybe
look him up but he says in all of his
things and I could not agree more the
three most important qualities in sales
rep are
empathy
competence and indifference and I really
like what he says there CU I have
noticed that in the past and it's kind
of the exact same thing for a lot of
things in life just dating you know
relationships all of that kind of
stuff you need to have empathy when
you're doing this because you have to
actually understand what your prospects
care about and they really want you to
feel like like you get them you know you
understand their problems rather than
you're just trying to shove a product
down their throat right so what we do
about that is like number one we're
going to ask real questions not just
some generic crap so you know generic
crap would be like what are your 12month
goals and the real question is like you
know what exactly are you trying to
solve like what have you done about this
in the past like real questions here
it's because if we ask the real
questions and you're like you have
something
that you know seems like you actually
care they are going to feel heard and
they are going to trust you much more
than other thing and trust is an
essential part of the sales process in
terms of the competence
like if you don't know what you're
talking about and it's very easy to just
see one of these sales reps who does not
know what they're talking about like why
why is anyone going to trust you to
deliver the products because the rep is
a kind of a personification of the
company I've been on a lot of sales
calls on both sides and there's a couple
that I've can think of recently where
the sales rep was actually so dumb that
I was joining the call basically to buy
and the sales rep actually tucked me out
of it the key thing that I think we
should
remember here is competence equals
confidence so what do we do about that
the first thing that I do in when I hire
a sales rep and I probably hired and
trained 75 in my life mixed results of
course
but the number one thing that I do is
they go through a 14-day onboarding
period that's paid but shows like every
single part of what they're selling I
treat it kind of the same way as I would
treat someone who's like being hired to
do the work so if you were an e-commerce
email marketing agency for example you
treat it almost like you're training
someone to do email marketing and this
period really really helps in the sense
that like they just learn the product so
much better and more streamlined than
anything else and what really happens
when this occurs is like you know
objections are easily handled and you
know explain it properly in a way that
actually makes sense and they come
across as an expert instead of a dope
that you know you just hire to try to
sell stuff if they can't clearly explain
like what you're selling and what you're
doing and all of this kind of stuff
you're basically like dead in the water
in terms of sales and it just doesn't
make really any sense and the third
thing is indifference and this is a very
important one that kind of
ties it all together like you could say
and a lot of people will preach empathy
a lot of people will preach competence
because those just make sense right but
the indifference
really just puts it on steroids you
could say so we do not want to be needy
that's very bad people can smell
neediness it's kind of the same concept
in dating like the needier you are the
more you want a girlfriend or the more
you want a boyfriend people can sniff
that like instantly feel the ick and
it's the same thing in sales here we do
not want to be needy so we want to
basically act like they're the prize and
there's a few things that basically you
can do as the owner to help this the
first is tons of
leads the next thing is you know great
results and the other one is like
the competence aspect so the competence
aspect kind of leads into this where you
know they're confident they know what
they're doing they're getting tons of
leads there's no shortage they don't
need to close and then your company gets
great results you are the prize like all
of that kind of stuff and the way that
it really comes together you know
empathy equals
trust competence like you know what
you're doing
you are
doing and then you know indifference
let's oops kind of write on my stuff a
little bit here it's not so easy to make
these iPad videos I'm learning you know
you are the
prize that's a very very powerful
position to be in and all three of those
things can be trained in my opinion the
next thing buzzword we want to do is
congruence so basically if you don't
know what the definition of a congruence
like basically it means everything's in
agreement everything's in harmony
everything's compatible and this
basically like means from the second
they click on the ad to the second they
finish their onboarding everything is a
straight line and
consistent so the parts that will
usually be there so ads content uh let's
Maybe Outreach as
well my writing is just not good we're
going to do the landing page we're going
to do the vssl we're going to do the
cenly we're going to do like the let's
call them recall flow recall
emails we're going to do the
first part of
call and then we're going to do the
first part of onboarding
and sorry about not being on the screen
there it's not so easy you know so we
want to be very congruent in here and
all of the great sales books all of the
great sales trainers like really focus
on congruent I've noticed that Alex
Heros is really focusing on it lately so
basically what this means is everything
has to be the same because when it's not
you get an uneasy subconscious feeling
in your stomach
that can derail the entire process that
is the Deep reason but on a you know on
a what do you call it surface level it
just makes sense right people have
clicked on their ad because they're
interested in the message why would the
landing page say something different and
then why would the vssl say something
different than the landing page if
they've made it through all of these
steps they're clearly interested in what
we are saying to them why would we
change it so everything must be
congruent it's very important
so now that we have kind of the what
we'll call the Prelude of making a
process and we have the three qualities
that make a great salesperson and we
have congruence now is the time where I
will go through the actual process and
the first step usually what I call Step
Zero to be honest Step Zero is pre
raming and this is going to be very very
important because when we pre-frame
correctly and we're just going to call
it pre- framing here and that's just it
I'm not going to call it anything else
some people call it different names but
whatever they're going to be you know
show rate is going to go
up they're going to be more likely to
know what you're talking about type
thing so I don't know how you would
describe that we'll just go
quality up and they're also going to
know the price ahead of time because you
pref frame them so price you know we're
just going to go check mark okay cuz
they wouldn't be on the call if they
don't know the price like I don't know
why people really do not show the price
like that just
because if you're getting any kind of
call volume you're getting eight sales
calls per day for example when you
really get all this going like why would
you want to talk to someone who doesn't
know the price and you just wasted 30 to
60 Minutes depending on your calls for
someone who has no intention of paying
it doesn't really make sense so the
different things that we're going to do
in our pre framing system so number one
is going to be a pre call
Flow so
basically that is going to trigger when
they book the call and that's going to
send them a bunch of emails so as a rule
of thumb you want to send them more
emails than you might think I will
usually do a couple emails per day maybe
four emails per day and you really want
to basically set up so they're going to
their call is going to be within 48
hours and then you have all these emails
in them jamming them to you know just
makes sense you know case studies
industry insights FAQs how it works kill
some objections ahead of time all that
kind of stuff the second is going to be
retargeting ads so that does a few
things it makes them you know more
likely to show up to the call because
they're seeing you even more often but
it also is a good opportunity to show
them like very specific objection
handling ads like you might make
specific ads for this short form you
know longer form whatever you want and
it's really going to get a lot of stuff
out of the way so an example of that
from my
agency I had a landing page in C agency
so some of my retargeting ads were
education based so
basically I split it to three kind of
main objections three case studies and
than three industry insights so I had
nine different retargeting ads in this
system so the case study ones are like
basically different types of businesses
in different countries too because when
you're doing e-commerce an inherent
objection is I don't think this will
work for my product or Niche I don't
think this will work for my country so
like by showing all these case studies
in different countries and different
things like kind of overcome that
objection inherently the second one is
like why are your landing pages better
and I did we focus on the top three
things that make an important landing
page the above the fold section the
offer and then the um site speed and
then you just keep going through that
and you can really get quite a bit of
good stuff industry insights you know we
need our landing page to load in under
two seconds because according to Google
the conversion rate steeply falls off
the first contentful paint FCP if you
know page speed stuff is greater than
that just random stuff but not really
random like interesting stuff that they
have clicked on your ads before they
know what you look like if they see you
in the feed they're probably going to
watch these or in the story feed or in
the explore page or on YouTube that kind
of
stuff the third one is going to be our
YouTube
videos perhaps the number one thing that
you can do as the founder to help your
reps out is by posting YouTube videos
consistently
I was on a sales call like I was the one
selling and then one of the prospects
who I didn't actually close said
something there was like um if you ever
heard of that phrase I think we all have
at this point like the average person
takes seven touch points to convert and
if you believe that kind of stuff or not
is irrelevant I don't really think it
can be that simple but he brought
something to my attention which is a new
research and now it's the I believe he
said 420 and then seven so he I can't
remember what he said but now he said
now there's it requires 20 touch points
over four different channels and 7 hours
of time spent with you because the
markets are sophisticating and trust is
at an all time lone whether that's true
or not and whether you can boil it down
like that or not I think is irrelevant
but it only makes logical sense that the
more time you spend with someone whether
that's in real life or in a YouTube
video because even though you're not
there you're like still spending time
with them the more they trust you and
the more likely they are to buy right so
it only makes sense to do that and post
as many YouTube videos that are high
quality as possible with these YouTube
videos you want to make them useful in
my opinion like that's the number one
thing you kind of want to treat your
YouTube videos like you get them good
results um ahead of time for free so now
they want the good stuff they want you
to actually help them one-on-one you've
heard people say you know give the
theory away for free and sell the
implementation something like that I
think that's say good basic way to put
it and the fourth one is going to be the
posting plus
crossposting so what I do for this is I
will typically make all of my written
content for Twitter then my VA or I'll
use a tool that will cross post it to
LinkedIn Facebook Instagram turn it into
a like video re for Twitter I use a tool
called repurpose P for that and this is
kind of like you have content on every
platform cuz most people will favor one
or more platforms but you want to be on
all of them cuz if they've been on your
site they've seen your ads they booked a
call they are much more likely to be
serve that kind of content with the
algorithm and it's just another
opportunity to nurture them even
more so basically when we have these
four systems right here it's going to be
basically oh that was a bad Circle it's
going to be basically night and day
difference as to if we just had none of
them we want to make it as easy as
possible for our sales reps and this is
basically a way that we can do it right
this is the epitome of making it easier
to sell for our sales reps as opposed to
try to make them better at sales so the
next thing that I want to talk about and
I kind of viewed that as phase zero and
we can actually think of that as phase 0
a there's actually a phase 0 B2 which is
is going to be the recall questions so
the things that you put on the
cly and this is actually very important
for a few reasons based on the data that
I have like obviously better
prepared if you know all of this stuff
but also based on the data that I've
seen more effort they put in on the cly
questions equals more likely to show up
which is a good one right like it makes
logical sense law aversion why put in
all that effort if you're not going to
show up and as well as you know the
people who are not as serious are not
going to put in all that effort so it
just makes
sense basically you're going to want to
be asking all these questions on a cly
or if you have a type form which
proceeds your cly like that you
disqualify people with the type form and
then the cly on the next page you only
really have to ask these once because
you wouldn't really ask ask them twice
it's just unnecessary friction so I'm
going to go over the questions that I
ask there's eight of them and all of
them really give some data that's good
for you as well as information that you
can use to help your C so the first one
is going to be the name nothing crazy
there I'm just going to go through a
couple of them name email phone and then
website the next one I do is what is
your Revenue but I do it as multiple
choice so I'm going to put MC here and
the reason I do multiple choice like 0
to 10K a month 10 to 50K 50 to 250k 250k
to 1 mil and 1 mil Plus or whatever it
ends up being for you the reason I do
that is because when you do it multiple
choice it
really syncs into your CRM and your
email flows a lot nicer because if you
just have like a short answer like they
can whatever they want and let's say
they're doing zero for example some
people will say the number zero some
people will say the number zero with the
dollar sign some people will put nothing
some people will put zero the word and
just there's so many crazy combinations
of what people put at every Revenue
level that it really makes it hard to
sort in your CRM effectively so that's
just why I do it and you don't really
need to know their exact Revenue like
that either the next thing I put and I'm
going to put these in red because I
wouldn't say they're not basic so I'm
going to put the
cost and depending on what I'm selling
it might be a range so like if the cost
is 4K like the cost is 4K but if it's 4K
to 10K I'm going to say our offer cost
between 4,000 and $10,000 a month are
you okay with this and they got to say
yes or if they say no they're basically
not going to book the call right so it's
a way to disqualify people I like to do
the range anyways because if they
if you do it and the price is 4K and
they thought it was going to be 4 to 10K
they're going to be pleasantly surprised
you know it's cheaper than they might
have expected but if the price is 10K at
least they are prepared right the next
step is you know the learning where did
you learn about us and then I'll have in
Brackets like YouTube newsletter Twitter
Etc is a good way to one gauge what's
working for you and then two also you're
probably going to acttiv B different on
the sales call if someone comes from
YouTube for example versus Tik Tok ads
you know like what is going to be
significantly warmer than the other and
you really want to know what it is that
they're coming from because you're going
to probably alter your calls A little
bit differently and the last one is how
long have you known about us and this is
a very very good one as well it's good
for your own information just because
you can see like how long your fill
cycle is basically Al and then it's also
good because if someone has known about
you for a year like you can weave that
into your conversation you know if they
you know came from YouTube and they
known about you for a year they probably
watched a lot more videos and they're
going to be a lot more warm but it's
just really really good because these
six to eight questions depending on how
much you do are going to like arm your
sales reps with some essential like
things that they need to have so like
what are those so you know the prospect
is going to know the price
again the or the like the prospect is
going to know the price ahead of them
your sales rep will know where they came
from I'll just call that the source and
then the prospect or your sales rep is
going to know like how long they've
known about you and that's very good to
have all of this information and it
really makes them a lot more confident
than you know if they had none of it and
when you do this on your cly or your
type form it's very seamless like the
customers don't even know or the leads
don't even know what you're really doing
to be honest and like all of that kind
of stuff so if we go to it and I'm going
to change this again we're going to go
to phase zero still but phase Zer C my
God just changing all of that kind of
stuff which is going to be the preall
research to me it's kind of crazy that
people just don't do any preall research
it's going to be like
like 90% of people don't do anything
besides maybe read the kly form and
that's just crazy if you're presumably
trying to sell them this preall research
is so good that the average Normie is
going to call it a life hack when in
reality it should be like basic common
sense if you are prepared you're
naturally going to be more confident and
if you're more confident your sales reps
are going to close more sales so they're
going to be armed with the information
we went over before like all of those
questions but we should also be going
for some other ones for sure so in
addition to the cly questions like we
need to have the first thing you know a
company overview and you probably will
want to have a sheet for this to be
honest so what the company does wow that
would be nice you know who is our target
audience or customers wow amazing you
know do can you find any key metrics
like they have X amount of Revenue
they've served x amount of customers
that kind of stuff just stuff that you
probably be asking anyway but you could
just find just to save time and actually
look like a professional instead of
someone who doesn't do any research you
look really stupid when they don't the
next one is going to be the like team
members so basically you know let let's
say Tim Donalds books the call
from Ace manufacturing some random ass
name we're going to go to LinkedIn and
see like is Tim
the founder is Tim like a head of
marketing is Tim just some random
assistant it's very important to know
like who is going to be on the call
second thing we want to know like so I'm
going to write who booked here my
writing is just terrible the second one
would be like other stakeholders so
let's say Tim is the CEO and this is a
marketing thing and Tim has a CMO and a
chief Revenue officer like or a
co-founder like will these be
influencing the decision we need to know
that ahead of time and then also like
kind of the what do we call it like org
structure the structure of the business
because how you sell is going to be a
lot different if they have a 30 person
marketing team for example versus like
they're just a
Founder the next thing that I would
really do is like I don't know how you
would say it maybe like offer
positioning
so like how you solve their problem so
let's
say if they are I don't even know if
they are looking for more leads how you
would do that you got to know that
information before you know what makes
your offer unique in comparison to the
Alternatives and this is kind of more to
do with you than them but you have
to you have to do this this
like as it relates to their company if
that makes sense and then how your offer
kind of aligns with their
goals so if their goals are to generate
more consistent lead flow and you have a
c email offer link that is going to be
important to know might be obvious but
you can learn a lot of stuff by just
going to their
website the next thing you want to do is
you want to have social proof
and this
basically is again like the offer
positioning it's related to you but in
the context of them so I always will
have relevant case studies like
basically case studies of similar
clients if I see on the cly form this
person does YouTube I'll have some
YouTube you know case studies of people
who own YouTube videos that we had same
with the testimonials that are relevant
in terms of Niche and size and that kind
of stuff and then other just results or
you know anything that builds
credibility and you want to have that
ready and some of this will be
applicable to everything some of this
will be only applicable to them like if
you just have a bunch of case studies
that are completely different from their
Niche like they're a manufacturing
company and you just have a bunch of you
know online business case studies it's
not going to be as powerful if you find
something that relates directly to their
Niche so the
preall basically research is going to be
very very important and if you don't
have this like why would you be
confident why would you be closing deals
it's so crazy how lazy people are and
not to do this and you would be amazed
at how your actual rate is going to
double both from you're going to be more
professional to them as well as you're
going to be more confident and that's
going to carry through to everything you
do so now we're finally out of phase
zero and we're in Phase One and this is
introduce yourself
or basically your sales rep will
introduce themselves it's not so easy to
write on this iPad I thought it'd be
easier so the thing that we want to
understand is the main thing that will
hold our reps back is you know they do
not have the inherit inherent level of
authority and credibility that you do as
the founder and there's nothing that you
can really do to change that your reps
are not you right so because of this we
need to make a great first impression to
kind of compensate for
that so we want to make a great first
impression and this first impression
should do a couple of things for them so
number one let me try to put my try to
put my iPad down on the desk a little to
get some you know less [__] writing so
the F it's going to do a couple of
things it's going to you know frame
and it's going to basically put them in
the driver's seat oh yeah that's much
better I don't know why I was doing that
from the
start so a good thing to remember is the
person who is asking the questions is
the person in control and a lot of
people especially newer sales reps or
people who you know have not have a
system like this they really get [__]
up by this like they just turn into like
kind of a I hate to use this terminology
but it's kind of perfect terminology the
prospect becomes the alpha on the call
and they become the beta when
realistically we want it to be the other
way around so what we need to do is we
need to give them something kind of like
a framework or something to do that
achieves this for them and the easiest
thing to do is follow like kind of the
following script so my name is X
my name is X you know I am from y
company so basically my name is Matt I'm
from a THX leads my background is you
know in Le
generation so you know put ABC here and
I've been working with the founder or
you know working with Leo my partner
very closely for over 12 years or
something like that so hey my name is
like hello welcome to the call my name
is Matt from a THX leads I have a
background in lead generation which is
specific to you know what you're trying
to do here I've been working closely
with Leo for 12 years and I would love
to know you know what resonated with you
the most about Matt's or Leo's YouTube
videos and that's where the preall
questions come in very very handy
because if they're coming from YouTube
you can relate the statement to YouTube
if they're coming in for ads you can
relate to it with ads so basically what
we want to do is introduce ourselves say
we're from the company that they booked
a call with convey their background very
efficiently so let's go
name
company
background how it relates to
them you know working with
founder founder for X
time and then like ask them you know
what resonates the
most and then that's where you tie in
the Kenly questions like so like I said
before if they said they come from
YouTube then they come from YouTube so
basically
they're going to say something after
here like they're going to say like
whatever they're going to say right then
the next thing we want to do because the
person asking the questions is the one
in control so we're going to say like
you know purpose of this
call is to you know see if you qualify
for our offer and that's basically going
to keep them in control because they're
going to be the one asking the questions
and we're kind of flipping the script on
them so instead of them the beta like
they are the AL they're the prize and
it's really going to be very effective
at this entire process at basically
transferring the inherent credibility
and power that you have as a company to
them the sales rep basically kind of
leveraging the company and giving it to
them so the purpose of this call is to
see if you qualify for our offer like
not really everyone qualifies for the
offer again and it's based on you know
the these three factors or these five
factors or however many factors there
are and then basically that's a very
easy transition into phase two which is
kind of what I call the five questions
but we'll get that to a sec so when you
do this so let's go through the T like
hello my name is X and I'm from company
y I have a background in ABC which is
specific to whatever they do I'm working
closely with the founder for however
many years and I would love to know why
you booked this call or what resonated
with you the most about his YouTube
videos or what caused you to click on
the ads and then they're going to tell
you and then you be like the purpose of
this call is to see if you qualify for
our Mastermind not everyone does and it
really is based on these factors so like
and just for example you know
Revenue
time
ambition you know business type you know
whatever it is so when you ask them if
they can basically you know these things
are going to say yes you know mind if I
say mind if I ask you a few questions to
see how you compare to our most
successful clients is a good one and
then they're going to say yes and then
you basically now you are going to phase
two and phase
two is going to be you know
questions I build this part of the sales
process based on the five questions that
that sales trainer I talked about
earlier as says to do and these are you
know five great questions that in his
words you know move the sale
forward instead of
sideways and that's a very importance
but like distinction a lot of people
waste time they just ask some random
questions that are half asked and don't
have the empathy that you need they
don't actually move the question forward
to you know we're trying to get them to
a buying decision not trying to chat
here and when you ask these questions a
few different
things take place when you ask these
questions you're kind of building on the
momentum and the advantage you got in
Phase One and we're basically asking
people for two reasons the first is
going to be you know information which
is always nice
and the other one is going to be what
we're going to call admitting
it and you'll see what I mean here but
we of course we need information but a
lot of the time we need them to admit
out loud that there is a problem so
these questions are going to
be so let's put the numbers
here so why are we here today or
something like that why interested in
solving for whatever
problem the third one is going to be
like why is that a
problem which I would consider to be
much different the next is going to be
you know why now like why is now the
right time and then the other one is
going to be like why
not X why not do it yourself why not
hire someone else when a hire in house
and that might seem like a weird final
question but we need to get them to
admit it out
loud so let's go through these one at a
time and I'm going to change to red here
so let's go through like why are we here
today this question is going to be very
similar to the very first one like what
resonated with you the most but a little
bit different so why are we here today
is like
basically the most easy way
to judge why they're actually want to
talk to you because if they're even on
the call they are interested in your
offer they've already know the price
from the caller questions they've seen
your stuff they've gotten a lot of your
emails if they're here they're
interested and we want to find out why
they're interested and the nice thing is
when you tell or when you ask this
question 80% of the time they're just
going to tell you like why it is they're
there and you can take it at face value
basically the other 20% of the time
they're going to basically tell you some
[__] and you got to poke and prod a
little bit maybe some [__] maybe
some Hal truths maybe some surface level
garbage and you can just be like okay
you can once you do enough calls you can
kind of tell that that's not the real
thing so a big theme of here is like I
said before we want to get that
information but we want also want them
to admit it out loud so let me go
through a couple of
examples when they are admitting it out
loud they can't deny it to yourself or
themselves later when you're in the
closed section of the call so even if
these answers are probably obvious like
you're a cold email agency and you know
they probably like why are they here
today because they want to run cold
email we really need to ask it still
because we need
to have them say it out loud type
thing so when you ask this like some
examples that realistically you could
get you know we're here because our lead
flow has dried up and we need a better
way to bring in consistent opportunities
or some [__] like that like that is a
common like response you're going to get
or we're looking for a more scalable
solution what we've been doing just
isn't working anymore and we want to
grow or our ad spend is not actually
translating into an Roi we need to
figure out why like you're going to get
a lot of versions of this and most of
them are going to be true and the things
that you need to do and thing you need
to communicate to your C reps is they're
going to have to decipher that like you
basically are always going to know what
they're saying but they need to decipher
if that's the real answer or some
[__] and it's very very
important once we go onto let's get that
off the screen once we go into like okay
they've told us why we're like what
they're trying to solve why are you
interested in solving for this problem
again it's going to be obvious a lot of
the time but we need to get any
information they tell us but more
importantly we need to get them to say
it out loud so that is why I refer to
this more as a process as in ter instead
of a script because there's no way that
you can account for every single
possibility in a script and it becomes
painfully obvious when your sales rep is
reading from one and trying to stick to
it so let's go to the same examples why
are you interested in solving for more
leads you know we want to unlock the
potential of our sales team and they
don't have enough high quality leads to
close there's an example or we've got
aggressive growth goals this year we
just raised money and we need to
actually get users or we know that
there's like a huge Market you know this
is a great time we're first to Market we
don't want to waste the opportunity
something like that they're pretty much
going to tell you the honest answer here
and it's up to you to decipher it and
tell you like is that the truth is there
a deeper meaning and that kind of stuff
and we really can do that with the third
one quite well so why are you interested
in solving for x and why is X a problem
are two very similar sounding questions
but they're not really the same there's
a very subtle difference and the way
that I think is a beautiful way to think
of it is that basically why are you
interested in solving for x is kind of
like their motivations for um doing it
and then why is that a problem is kind
of like the consequences if that makes
sense so the main focus here is again to
get them to admit this out loud and
you're Gathering the information is kind
of a secondary benefit so by asking this
question after the previous one you're
going to get a much more complete answer
so I always tell all my sales reps to
ask this no matter what even if they
think they're satisfied with the
previous answer you know do this as well
so for example like if we don't figure
this out we're going to keep missing
Revenue targets and that's going to hurt
our company Long Term like that's an
actual consequence missing Revenue
targets that's a lot better answer than
we want to like unlock the potential you
know now it's pain another one like our
competitors are gaining traction and
we're losing ground like w there's a
consequence or if we can't fix it PR
it's going to burn our sales team out
and we have to go recruit more people
like all of that kind of stuff or our
investors are breathing down our neck
and like I'm G to get Ed as a CEO that
would be a very aggressive one but you
know what I
mean the next one is very good as well
and is why now like why do this now why
is now the right time any variation of
that timing is everything in sales you
cannot create urgency for a lot of
different things that you're selling
unless you have like a price increase or
something it's not like e-commerce where
you have a discount or a Christmas sale
or anything so you can't really create
urgency like that you can only discover
if it exists or not so an idea that I
really like is the goal of marketing and
sales is to stay top of mind so that
when someone is ready to buy like they
immediately think of you like someone
might have need been interested in this
for a long time the consequences might
be true but now is the right time and we
need to discover that because it will be
very important when we determine how
salesy and how hard to push them if need
be if now is not the perfect time like
we might ease up a little bit to stay in
their good graces so like I said before
when it's the perfect time they think of
you but if now is the perfect time then
it's closing time it's sales tactics
time right so in example like we just
raised a funding round so now is the
time to invest before the market gets
more saturated now that's time to close
if they say some [__] like that our
board wants results this quarter so we
can't wait any longer we're in the we're
in the money here or like we're
launching a new product soon and if we
don't figure this out the launch will be
[__] or we just finally figured out our
operations now we need more leads like
you're going to get a lot of good
information here and you're going to
basically figure out how hard to sell
basically the the final one is why not
Alternatives and this kind of has to be
inserted
properly
um but it will be very good as both
information gathering them admitting it
and then transitioning to the next phase
so basically we need to do a few things
here number one is like you know we want
to figure out what they don't like about
other stuff so if we have something like
that we can basically not talk about
it and if we do have like something
that's different than that then we'll
talk about it say yeah like that [__]
wouldn't work for sure like this is why
ours is better something that I really
really like here as well is you know why
not do any why not do nothing is a good
one because that's kind of like if they
really haven't admitted why they need to
do it in the previous questions like why
I even do this at all type thing and
then another one is why not do it
yourself
and these are kind of not going to give
you any good information but they're
going to be very important for like
getting them to admit it to themselves
so like examples you know why not do it
yourself like we've tried doing this but
we don't have the expertise or something
you know why not do it yourself when we
tried it it hasn't worked you know
something like that or we've looked at
other agencies but they don't seem to
actually deliver on their promises or we
tried with X tool but it just is too
slow we need it to be fast something
like that so when you do it like this
it's very very
easy like because remember we frame them
properly it's very very easy for them to
say like okay like based on these
results it's sounds like you're quite
similar to our most successful clients
and you might name a couple so do you
mind if I show you a few slides with our
offer and then like what we can do for
you they're obviously going to say yes
that's why they're there and now we are
on phase three which is going to be the
screen share
presentation how exciting screen share
presentation so basically our screen
share presentation should be a few
different things I usually plan if it's
a 30 minute call for it to take five to
seven minutes because we want plenty of
time after to you
know come over with objections and close
them and then the other one is going to
be like we need to prevent objections
even more so than answer and overcome
them we're going to do that as
well presenting or preventing objections
is even better like you know instead of
having diabetes and having to change
your diet and you know get surgery
perhaps or have insulin it'd be better
if you just didn't get that overweight
where you get that kind of diabetes in
the first place it's the same thing it's
instead of overcoming objections it's a
lot easier to just prevent them to begin
with and I'll show you exactly what I
mean so basically what we want to think
of with this presentation is it's a big
FAQ
Destroyer so there's going to be a lot
of things that people are going to be
worried about or have questions out and
if you've done 10 sales calls you're
going to pretty much know all of these
things and instead of being dumb and
kind of ignoring them or preventing
they like treating them as if they don't
exist it's better to get in front of
them and just like just destroy them if
you don't do this they're going to think
one of two things one they're going to
think about like that you're sneaky or
trying to hide it from them and they're
not going to trust you or two they're
going to think you're just stupid and
don't know that these objections or
concerns
exist to begin with and neither of those
things are good for you I'm not sure
which one is worse but neither of them
are good so basically a good format to
do that in terms of if you want a
framework is going to basically be what
I do is like intro highlight
reel and what this is is usually like 6
seconds of the first 60 seconds of your
slides and I actually recommend you know
putting up a timer and reading your
first 60 seconds out loud to see where
you get to we want to just have like you
know
examples
Awards case
studies you know results and that kind
of stuff just hammer it on so you know
we are a THX leads we've helped over
5508 agency owners who do a combined 315
million per year in revenue on average
increase their lead Flow by
28% within 120 days of joining we have
over 600 client wins on our website a
screenshots of them in in this intro go
through it very fast and we have over 25
case studies that have to do with you
know X Y and Z something like that the
next thing we want to do is like what we
do what we do what we
offer that kind of stuff so it's crazy
to me because I review a lot of these
sales presentations like how many of
them don't actually even say what you
get or what like what you do so we
really want to have this what we do is
we help people set up their cold email
system and then run it like it can be as
simple as that it's only going to be one
two three four maybe five slides so like
what you do in plain English no Jaron
you know 100%
clear and then you know don't go
overboard if you're a cold email agency
you don't need to have like 200 bonuses
just say what you do like come on I'm
getting angry kind of doing this video
the next thing is going to be like
basically why
someone like
them needs
it so like okay we do cold email like a
business like yours needs cold email
because you know you're going to have
more consistency in lead flow that's
going to make you more com like
confident to increase your fixed costs
when you increase your fixed costs you
know now you have more employees and now
you can scale further like whatever
these are just examples and then the
final one is going to be how you do it
so very specific stuff like things like
step by
step an exact road map and
timeline and then
deliverables very very important to have
it there the next thing I think everyone
should have is
examples so you
know demo what you can do show don't
tell if possible if you're an e-commerce
email
marketing agency and it's just show a
bunch of designs and stuff the next one
is the actual offer and the what you're
going to get so this is like a
summary of what they're going to get the
next thing is going to be the price
slash cost you know
typically you know
know monthly
retainer or if they commit you know
annual or quarterly discounts type
thing the next thing is going to be FAQs
just brief ones like if you know that
these 10 FAQs are going to be the most
important like I don't think this is
going to work for my brand I don't think
this will work for my product my country
will you write these emails in my brand
voice like you know you're going to have
5 to 10 fa that always come up and just
put them
here as short as possible you know just
make sure you have it and then the final
thing is going to be next steps and this
is an often overlooked one but a very
very important part of it you know let's
go let's use the word
excruciating
detail about what will happen
between payment and
lunch I really got to make my writing
better but very very important detail
after this call within five minutes I am
going to send you a follow-up email in
that follow-up email there's going to be
X Y and Z there's going
to
e
e for